Add metadata fields to model-index for reproducibility (#838)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: modelcard.md

model-index:
- name: {model_id}
  results:
  - task:
      type: {task_type}             # Required. Example: automatic-speech-recognition
      name: {task_name}             # Optional. Example: Speech Recognition

>       verified: {evaluation_type}   # Optional. Indicates if evaluation self-reported or generated by Hugging Face. Example: false

Author: I've added this new field to distinguish evaluation results that are generated by users vs those that will come from our evaluation service. Internal Slack thread: https://huggingface.slack.com/archives/C035S5G2J3D/p1650448897906539?thread_ts=1650438388.214969&cid=C035S5G2J3D

      type: {dataset_type}          # Required. Example: common_voice. Use dataset id from https://hf.co/datasets
      name: {dataset_name}          # Required. Example: Common Voice (French)
      config: {dataset_config}      # Optional. Example: fr

>       split: {dataset_split}        # Optional. Example: test

Author: Interesting idea :) 

Are you aware of any examples where one trains a model on a dataset config, but evaluates on a different one? For the splits, I guess the simplest change would be to have something like:

```
  splits:
    train_split: train
    eval_split: test
```

This would then align with the `train-eval-index` metadata that we're planning to add to dataset cards in https://github.com/huggingface/autonlp-backend/issues/414

>       split: {dataset_split}        # Optional. Example: test

Reviewer: One example that comes to mind is LibriSpeech that has a `clean` config for training/finetuning, and `clean`+`other` configs (with `clean-dev`/`clean-test`/`other-dev`/`other-test` splits) for evaluation, but it's particularly messy in itself IMO.
So the addition of training splits should be enough I think!

>       split: {dataset_split}        # Optional. Example: test

Reviewer 2: `model-index` is for eval results, are we sure we want to also add training info in there? might be a bit confusing

The alternative would be to come up with a different training-specific ontology (even though they might look very similar)

>       split: {dataset_split}        # Optional. Example: test

Author: > `model-index` is for eval results, are we sure we want to also add training info in there? might be a bit confusing

I agree, and think it makes most sense to just report the split that the model was evaluated on.

      revision: {dataset_revision}  # Optional. Example: 5503434ddd753f426f4b38109466949a1217c2bb
      args: 

>         {arg_0: value_0}            # Optional. Example for wikipedia: language: en

Author: Not sure if I'm using the brackets {} correctly here, but the aim is to indicate that `args` is a dict of key-value pairs. Following @lhoestq's example, I've used `wikipedia` here

>         {arg_0: value_0}            # Optional. Example for wikipedia: language: en

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        {arg_0}: {value_0}            # Optional. Example for wikipedia: language: en
```

>         {arg_0}: {value_0}            # Optional. Additional arguments to `load_dataset()`. Example for wikipedia: language: en
>         {arg_1: value_1}            # Optional. Example for wikipedia: date: 20220301

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        {arg_0}: {value_0}          # Optional. Additional arguments to `load_dataset()`. Example for wikipedia: language: en
        {arg_1}: {value_1}            # Optional. Example for wikipedia: date: 20220301
```

    metrics:

>       - type: {metric_type}         # Required. Example: wer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - type: {metric_type}         # Required. Example: wer. Use metric id from https://hf.co/metrics
```

        value: {metric_value}       # Required. Example: 20.90
        name: {metric_name}         # Optional. Example: Test WER
        args: {arg_0}               # Optional. Example for BLEU: max_order

>         verified: {evaluation_type} # Optional. Indicates if evaluation self-reported or generated by Hugging Face. Example: false

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        verified: true     # Optional. If true, indicates that evaluation was generated by Hugging Face (vs. self-reported).
```

>         args: {arg_0}               # Optional. Example for BLEU: max_order
>         verified: true     # Optional. If true, indicates that evaluation was generated by Hugging Face (vs. self-reported).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        args: {arg_0}               # Optional. Example for BLEU: max_order
        verified: true                # Optional. If true, indicates that evaluation was generated by Hugging Face (vs. self-reported).
```

      type: {task_type}  # Required. Example: automatic-speech-recognition
      name: {task_name}  # Optional. Example: Speech Recognition
    dataset:
      type: {dataset_type}         # Required. Example: common_voice. Use dataset id from https://hf.co/datasets
      name: {dataset_name}         # Required. Example: Common Voice zh-CN
      config: {dataset_config}     # Optional. Example: zh-CN
      split: {dataset_split}       # Optional. Example: test
      revision: {dataset_revision} # Optional. Example: main

>       args: {arg_0}                # Optional. Example: zh-CN

Author: I see there is some redundancy between the `config` and `args` fields. 

As discussed offline with @lhoestq it makes sense to treat the core parameters of `load_dataset()` at the same level as `type` and bundle all dataset-specific args into `args`
